# Executive Summary of Project

The purpose of the project is to centralize the data gathering tools that the sponsor is currently using and create mechanisms to extrapolate existing data; identify the needs of the existing and potential target audience; and figure out how to make the data actionable to reach new demographics and make more informed decisions. This information might help the target audience (clients of the community advocates) get a better understanding of the justice services and make more informed decisions to pursue legal cases. The Law Foundation will have a visual and much more historically and demographically detailed representation of their data for internal decision and showcasing processes. The visualized data will support the Law Foundation in identifying potential areas of development, previously inaccessible due to the complex nature of their data.

The goal of the team is to create a working prototype with the pipeline for the sponsors (Access to Justice BC & Law Foundation) to test and deploy the platform & database. We aim to finish all of the features of the MVP specified in the project charter and create a usable interface, where the full user journey with data uploading, viewing, and exporting can be completed. Additionally, we strive to improve the quality of the sponsor’s data by improving their data structures and connecting collected data points to historic and demographic information about the districts of British Columbia. This will help the client get a better understanding of who is and is not accessing the justice services.

_Instructions for how to walk through the project can be found in the accompanying technical design document._
